README.markdown, before:

# travis-lite

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/henrikhodne/travis-lite.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/henrikhodne/travis-lite) |
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/henrikhodne/travis-lite)

Travis Lite is a more light-weight interface to the [Travis CI][] continuous integration service. It's meant for users
who for various reasons can't use the JavaScript-heavy main site.

[Travis CI]: http://travis-ci.org

## Features

To begin with, the lite site will implement all of the read-only parts of the main site, as we don't have to deal with
authentication that way. Currently this is implemented:

* List the most recent builds
* List the most recent builds for a repository

The URLs will mostly be the same as for the main Travis site.

## Live Version

There is a version of this app live at <http://travis-lite.com>. Go to [/deployed-sha][] to see what commit
is currently deployed.

[/deployed-sha]: http://travis-lite.com/deployed-sha

## Contributions

See the CONTRIBUTING.md file.

## License

Copyright © 2012 Henrik Hodne. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Continous deployment
If the tests pass, let's just immediately deploy to Heroku.

README.markdown, after:

# travis-lite

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/henrikhodne/travis-lite.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/henrikhodne/travis-lite) |
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/badge.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/henrikhodne/travis-lite)

Travis Lite is a more light-weight interface to the [Travis CI][] continuous integration service. It's meant for users
who for various reasons can't use the JavaScript-heavy main site.

[Travis CI]: http://travis-ci.org

## Features

To begin with, the lite site will implement all of the read-only parts of the main site, as we don't have to deal with
authentication that way. Currently this is implemented:

* List the most recent builds
* List the most recent builds for a repository

The URLs will mostly be the same as for the main Travis site.

## Live Version

There is a version of this app live at <http://travis-lite.com>. Go to [/deployed-sha][] to see what commit
is currently deployed.

[/deployed-sha]: http://travis-lite.com/deployed-sha

Travis Lite is set up to deploy as soon as a build passes on master. See `script/deploy` for details.

## Contributions

See the CONTRIBUTING.md file.

## License

Copyright © 2012 Henrik Hodne. See the LICENSE file for details.
